                      TT Blob Software License Agreement

PLEASE READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT (THIS "AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY. THIS
IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOUR EMPLOYER, OF WHICH YOU ARE AN AUTHROIZED
REPRESENTATIVE, OR, IF YOU HAVE NO EMPLOYER, YOU AS AN INDIVIDUAL ("YOU" OR
"LICENSEE") AND TENSTORRENT USA, INC. ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS AFFILIATES
("TENSTORRENT" OR "WE"). THIS AGREEMENT GOVERNS YOUR USE OF TENSTORRENT'S
PROPRIETARY DISTRIBUTED BINARY ARTIFACTS SOFTWARE PROVIDED TO YOU IN EXECUTABLE
FORM AND ANY ACCOMPANYING WRITTEN MATERIALS (THE "LICENSED SOFTWARE"). BY
CLICKING THE "I ACCEPT" BUTTON OR OTHERWISE DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OR USING
THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND BECOME A PARTY TO THIS
AGREEMENT, AND YOU REPRESENT THAT (1) YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE
BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, (2) YOU ARE OF LEGAL AGE TO FORM A
BINDING CONTRACT WITH TENSTORRENT, AND (3) YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO
THIS AGREEMENT.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU
MAY NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, ACCESS OR USE THE LICENSED SOFTWARE.

1. License Grant.  Subject to your compliance with this Agreement, Tenstorrent
grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable
license to download, install and use a copy of the Licensed Software solely for
internal business purposes in connection with your use of Tenstorrent products.

2. Updates.  You understand that the Licensed Software is evolving.  As a
result, Tenstorrent may require you to accept updates to the Licensed Software.
You acknowledge and agree that Tenstorrent may update the Licensed Software
with or without notifying you. Any future release, update, or other addition to
functionality of the Licensed Software shall be subject to the terms of this
Agreement, unless Tenstorrent expressly states otherwise.  Neither Tenstorrent
nor any of its suppliers is obligated to provide any services, updates or
upgrades to the Licensed Software.

3. Restrictions. The rights granted to you in this Agreement are subject to the
following restrictions: (a) you shall not license, sell, rent, lease, transfer,
assign, distribute, host, outsource, disclose or otherwise commercially exploit
the Licensed Software or make the Licensed Software available to any third
party; (b) you shall not modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse
compile or reverse engineer any part of the Licensed Software; (c) you shall
not access the Licensed Software in order to build a similar or competitive
product or service; (d) access or use the Licensed Software to identify
vulnerabilities in it or publish any information on how to circumvent the
Licensed Software; or (e) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the
Licensed Software may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished,
downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means,
including but not limited to electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
other means; and (f) you shall not remove, obscure or destroy any copyright and
other proprietary rights notices in the Licensed Software and all copies
thereof.  All rights not expressly granted to you in this Agreement are
reserved by Tenstorrent.  Any unauthorized use of the Licensed Software
terminates the licenses granted by Tenstorrent pursuant to this Agreement.

4. Ownership. The Licensed Software is licensed and not sold. Tenstorrent
retains all title, copyright and other proprietary rights in the Licensed
Software.  You do not acquire any rights, express or implied, in the Licensed
Software, other than those specified in this Agreement. You agree not to use or
duplicate the Licensed Software (including any documentation) for any purpose
other than as specified herein or make the Licensed Software available to
unauthorized third parties.

5. Confidential Information. Subject to the license grants set forth in this
Agreement, you must treat the Licensed Software as confidential information and
maintain its confidentiality in perpetuity. You may not disclose any part of
the Licensed Software except to employees and subcontractors, provided they
have a need to know the Licensed Software and have executed written
confidentiality agreements that impose obligations at least as protective as
those in this Agreement. You agree to exercise at least the same degree of
care, but no less than a reasonable degree of care, in protecting the Licensed
Software as you use to protect your own confidential and proprietary
information. You may disclose Licensed Software only to the extent required by
law, regulation, or valid court order, provided that you: (a) promptly notify
Tenstorrent of the required disclosure (unless legally prohibited from doing
so); (b) limit disclosure to only the minimum amount of information necessary
to comply with the legal requirement; and (c) allow Tenstorrent a reasonable
opportunity to seek a protective order or other remedy to prevent or limit
disclosure.

6. Trademarks. Tenstorrent's name and other related graphics, logos, service
marks and trade names used on or in connection with the Licensed Software are
the trademarks of Tenstorrent and may not be used without permission in
connection with any third-party product or services.

7. Warranty Disclaimers. YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT TO THE MAXIMUM
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS"
AND "AS AVAILABLE," WITH ALL FAULTS, AND  WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION, AND
CONDITION OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE
OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, ALL OF WHICH, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. YOU AGREE THAT ALL USE OF THE
LICENSED SOFTWARE IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. TENSTORRENT MAKES NO WARRANTY,
REPRESENTATION OR CONDITION THAT: (a) THE LICENSED SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR
REQUIREMENTS; (b) THE LICENSED SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE
OR ERROR-FREE; (c) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; OR (d) ANY ERRORS IN THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED. TENSTORRENT ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE
TIMELINESS, DELETION, MIS-DELIVERY OR FAILURE TO STORE ANY DATA THROUGH THE
LICENSED SOFTWARE. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED
WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU IN THEIR
ENTIRETY. TENSTORRENT IS NOT OBLIGATED TO INDEMNIFY YOU FROM ANY CLAIM OR
ACTION, INCLUDING INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS OR ACTIONS.

8. Limitations of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL TENSTORRENT, NOR ITS DIRECTORS,
EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS, OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT,
STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY WITH
RESPECT TO THE LICENSED SOFTWARE (a) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, DATA LOSS, COST OF
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, OR SUBSTITUTE GOODS
OR SERVICES, WHETHER OR NOT TENSTORRENT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES (b) FOR YOUR RELIANCE ON THE LICENSED SOFTWARE (c) FOR ANY DIRECT
DAMAGES IN EXCESS (IN THE AGGREGATE) OF $100 (d) FOR ANY MATTER BEYOND
TENSTORRENT'S REASONABLE CONTROL OR (V) FOR ANY DAMAGES FOR PERSONAL OR BODILY
INJURY OR EMOTIONAL DISTRESS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT, ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR INABILITY
TO USE THE LICENSED SOFTWARE; (ii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR
TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; OR (iii) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATED TO THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL BE ENFORCED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.  SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR
LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND
EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU IN THEIR ENTIRETY. LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET
FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN
TENSTORRENT AND YOU.

9. Application of Disclaimers, Exclusions and Limitations to Consumers. The
limitations or exclusions of warranties and liability contained in this
Agreement do not affect or prejudice the statutory rights of a consumer, i.e.,
a person acquiring goods otherwise than in the course of a business.  The
limitations or exclusions of warranties and remedies contained in this
Agreement shall apply to you only to the extent such limitations or exclusions
and remedies are permitted under the laws of the jurisdiction where you are
located.

10. Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold Tenstorrent and its
parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and
licensors harmless from any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys' fees) relating to or arising out of: (a) your use of, or
inability to use, the Licensed Software; (b) your violation of this Agreement;
(c) your violation of any rights of another party, or (d) your violation of any
applicable laws, rules or regulations. Tenstorrent reserves the right, at its
own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise
subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with
Tenstorrent in asserting any available defenses. You agree that the provisions
in this section will survive any termination of this Agreement.

11. No Software Maintenance or Support. Unless expressly and otherwise agreed
by Tenstorrent in a separate written agreement, the Licensed Software is
provided without software maintenance or support of any kind.

12. License Term & Termination.
   1. Term.  This Agreement commence on the date when you accept (as described
in the preamble above) and remains in full force and effect while you use the
Licensed Software, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
   2. Termination of License by Tenstorrent.  Tenstorrent has the right to
suspend or terminate your use or access to the Licensed Software provided to
you for any reason, including if you have breached any provision of this
Agreement or if Tenstorrent is required to do so by law (e.g., where the
provision of the Licensed Software is, or becomes, unlawful). You agree that
all terminations for cause shall be made in Tenstorrent's sole discretion and
that Tenstorrent shall not be liable to you or any third party for any
termination of your license.
   3. Termination of License by You.  If you want to terminate this Agreement,
you may do so by (i) deleting the Licensed Software from your device(s), and
(ii) discontinuing your use of the Licensed Software.
   4. Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement, your right to
use the Licensed Software will automatically terminate immediately, and you
will destroy all parts of the Licensed Software, and at Tenstorrent's request,
provide to Tenstorrent a statement certifying the same. Tenstorrent will not
have any liability whatsoever to you for any suspension or termination. All
provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive, shall
survive termination of this license, including without limitation, ownership
provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitation of liability.

13. Export. The Licensed Software and related technology are subject to U.S.
export control laws and may be subject to export or import regulations in other
countries.  Licensee agrees to comply with all applicable export and reexport
control laws and regulations.  Specifically, Licensee covenants that it shall
not - directly or indirectly - sell, export, reexport, transfer, divert, or
otherwise dispose of any products, software, or technology (including products
derived from or based on such technology) received from Tenstorrent under this
Agreement to any destination, entity, or person prohibited by the laws or
regulations of the United States and/or Canada or for any end-use prohibited by
the laws or regulations of the United States and/or Canada, without obtaining
prior authorization from the competent government authorities as required by
those laws and regulations.  Licensee also agrees to comply with any applicable
import or export controls of non-U.S. and Canadian countries.  Licensee is
solely responsible for such compliance. By using the Licensed Software, you
represent and warrant that (a) you are not located in a country that is subject
to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a "terrorist supporting" country and (b) you are not listed on
any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. Licensee will
defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Tenstorrent from and against any and all
damages, fines, penalties, assessments, liabilities, costs and expenses
(including attorneys' fees and expenses) that may arise as a result of
Licensee's breach of this provision.

14. Restricted Rights. The Licensed Software is deemed to be "commercial
computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation" as defined
in DFARS Section 227.7202 and FAR Section 12.212, as applicable.  Any use,
modification, reproduction release, performance, display or disclosure of the
Licensed Software by the U.S. Government shall be solely in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement.

15. Feedback. If you provide Tenstorrent any feedback or suggestions
("Feedback"), you hereby assign to Tenstorrent all rights in the Feedback and
agree that Tenstorrent shall have the right to use such Feedback and related
information in any manner it deems appropriate.  Tenstorrent will treat any
Feedback you provide to Tenstorrent as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
You agree that you will not submit to Tenstorrent any information or ideas that
you consider to be confidential or proprietary.

16. Notices. All notices and communications under this Agreement will be made
in writing, and will be effective when received at the following addresses:
   1. Tenstorrent:
Tenstorrent USA, Inc.
Attn: Legal Department
7717 Southwest Pkwy,
Building 3, Suite 200,
Austin, TX 78735
Email: notice@tenstorrent.com
   2. You: The email address you provided at registration shall be used.

17. Miscellaneous. Licensee agrees that any violation or threatened violation
of this Agreement may cause irreparable injury to Licensor, entitling Licensor
to seek injunctive relief in addition to all other legal remedies.  This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to
Licensee's use of the Licensed Software, and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous understandings or agreements, whether oral or written, express
or implied.  Any waiver of a right arising under this Agreement must be made in
writing and signed by the party making the waiver.  This Agreement may only be
amended in a writing signed by the parties.  Licensee may not assign this
Agreement without Licensor prior express written consent. Any attempted
assignment in violation of the prior sentence constitutes a breach of this
Agreement.  If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be unenforceable, then the remaining provisions of this
Agreement will remain in effect.
